MOLT 1.2.7 release notes (#19795)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/releases/molt.md

{% include molt/molt-install.md %}

## June 18, 2025

MOLT Fetch/Verify 1.2.7 is [available](#installation).

- Updated the MOLT [Grafana dashboard](https://molt.cockroachdb.com/molt/cli/grafana_dashboard.json) with the following timing metrics to better diagnose performance: Source Side Queries, Convert Source Side Queries to Datums, Writing Datums to Pipe, Preparing CSV files to be uploaded, Uploading CSV files to S3/GCP/local.
- Upgraded the MOLT parser to support new syntax that is valid in CockroachDB v25.2.
- Added more granular replication counter metrics to track data counts at each point of the mutation pipeline. This makes it easier to diagnose data correctness issues.

### Bug fixes

- MOLT Fetch [failback]({% link molt/migrate-failback.md %}) now reliably creates changefeeds with a sorted list of table names so that create changefeed operations can be properly deduplicated.

> - Previously, when migrating tables with custom types (e.g., `ENUM`) in the primary key, shard connections failed to recognize these types because the type map from the original `pgx.Conn` was not copied during cloning. The type map is now properly cloned and attached to each shard connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where shard connections failed to recognize custom types (e.g., `ENUM`) in primary keys during table migration. This occurred because the type map from the original `pgx.Conn` was not cloned. The type map is now properly cloned and attached to each shard connection.
```
